there is one JSON file per ABAP object (#278)
SAP/abap-file-formats: docs/json.md

## JSON Files in ABAP File Formats
JSON data files are central, since very ABAP object specifies a JSON file.

> Depending on the object, there might be additional files, but there is always a JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the object, there might be additional files, but there is always at least one JSON file.
```

Author: see efa7296
